- [Nana] Back then, I didn't
have a TV
or a phone in my room.
That's why I was the only
one who missed the start
of the media circus,
which pissed me off royally.
(upbeat rock music)
(birds chirping)
(phone ringing)
- Hey, turn on the TV.
Hurry!
- What the hell, man.
It's way too early for this.
- Just turn it on.
You have to see this.
- [Takakura] Did something
happen?
- The guru is on TV.
- Hey, isn't that
Nana's cute friend?
- Oh, you're right.
It is that cute girl.
She looks good on TV,
doesn't she?
- I wouldn't call her
a cute girl, exactly.
Beautiful woman would be more
like it.
- What? No way.
How did Nana's friend
hook up with Ren?
Is this for real?
How is it even possible?
- Would you stop your
blabbering?
I can't hear the TV.
- Wait.
Does that mean the guy
Nana's with is famous too?
She said he's in the
music biz, right?
Who is he? Tell me who he is.
Why didn't you get detailed?
What's wrong with you?
- Any guy who knocks up
my daughter is bad news.
Damn it. You girls do
what you want.
- Oh, I see. You can
pretend to be liberal just
to hide how you really feel.
Ha ha!
- Nami.
- Well, I just hope he works
for a nice respectable company.
He's coming to meet us
on Sunday,
and I want you be nice
to him, okay?
- Huh? He's coming here?
I can't wait.
- [Reporter] Blast was a band
that Ren used to belong to.
He helped form it back
in his hometown.
- [Co-Host] Nana was 16
when she joined the band,
and she became the lead singer.
She moved in with Ren
who was already living
on his own at the time.
- [Reporter] Ren was then
lured over to Trapnest
just before they signed a
contract with a big record
label.
So it must have been at that
point
that the two of them broke up.
- That's right.
It always gets ugly when
bands break off like this,
and Nana is known to be
hotheaded.
So that only made things worse.
She'd apparently bad mouth
Ren to anyone who'd listen.
- That's a total lie.
- Shut up.
It doesn't matter if it's
a lie or not.
- [Reporter] We'll be right back
after
this commercial break.
♪ It's seven in the morning ♪
- What do you mean
it doesn't matter?
- Hey, Take.
Yeah, I'm watching it.
It had to happen when we're
too busy to deal with it.
This blows.
I told him to be more careful,
but he just had to get
us into this mess.
- What do you mean, this mess?
You bastard.
- I said shut up.
You've got no part in this.
I'm sorry about that.
- No part?
- Do you know where Ren is?
He better not be with
that woman right now.
Oh, really?
Then send someone and make
sure he doesn't leave.
We certainly don't want him
going off to see her again.
Yeah.
No, I'm on my way to
the agency right now.
Nana, where are you going?
- I'm going home to see
how Nana's doing.
I'm worried about her.
- Please. I'm asking
you to stay out of this.
- Stay outta this?
She's my friend.
There's something seriously
wrong with you as a person.
- If you really think that,
then why did you
agree to marry me?
If the father's life is messed
up,
then the kid's gonna
be messed up, too.
I'm living proof.
Just having two parents
isn't enough.
If you're worried about
raising the kid alone,
you can always move back
to your parents' place.
Don't worry, I'll take care
of paying the child support.
At any rate, the way
things are shaping up,
I won't be coming back
here for a while.
You do whatever you want.
- [Junko] Hello? Nana?
Is your Takumi the same
Takumi from Trapnest?
- No, Jun.
Why would it be him?
- Right. Don't lie to me.
Now that I know that it's him,
everything else makes sense.
Why did you hide him from me?
I thought we were friends.
Do you really think I'd
go and tell everyone?
What's the matter?
Why are you crying?
- [Nana] Jun, I,
I'm not getting married to him
just
because I'm having a baby.
- I know you aren't doing that.
- I mean, I really do
love Takumi.
- I already knew that.
I'm glad you're facing
your true feelings.
- But I don't get it.
I thought I was in
love with Nobuo.
- Exactly. You just
thought you were.
Whenever a guy showers you
with attention,
you always fall in love
with him.
- [Nana] That's not true.
- Listen, I know you feel bad
about Nobuo,
but you're better off
accepting your feelings
than telling yourself
it's all for the baby.
- But it was easier to think
it was for those reasons.
Why is it that in my
relationships
whenever I go after a guy
like Takashi or Takumi
they always end up being
self-centered jerks?
- I have no idea.
She's still thinking about
Takashi?
Did she love him that much?
- I just don't get why I can't
fall
for guys who actually value me,
like Shoji or Nobuo.
If I had paid more attention
to Shoji when we were together,
then maybe things could have
worked out.
- Shoji? I thought she
forgot he existed.
And she thinks things
could have worked out?
- If I'm like this 'till
I'm old,
I'll never, ever be happy,
my whole life.
- Tag.
- What?
- Just calm her down.
Say something that'll
make her feel good.
- [Kyosuke] Hey, Nana.
I just thought of something.
If Trapnest is caught up
in the middle of this,
then won't your wedding
be put on hold, too?
- [Nana] Takumi, you idiot.
I hate you!
- Anyway, why don't you
come over here?
You can tell us all about it.
- What about class?
- Oh, thanks. But I'll be fine.
I really just wanna go see
Nana right now.
I need to apologize to
her in person.
I was just heading
there right now.
- What? To the apartment?
Yeah. You shouldn't go
to your place right now.
- Huh?
- [Takakura] The paparazzi
are already there.
- We are outside the front
door of Nana's apartment.
(door bell ringing)
(clock ticking)
- Ah, crap.
I'm gonna be late.
Who's ringing the bell
this early in the morning?
Yeah, who is it?
- [Paparazzi] We're from Search.
- From Search?
Look, if you're trying to
sell something, forget it.
- [Paparazzi] You're
Nana Osaki, right?
We just wanna ask you a few
questions
about your relationship
with Ren Honjo.
- Geez, I can understand
them going to Ren's place,
but why are they
at the guru's place?
She isn't even a
celebrity yet.
- [Kyosuke] It's a cool old
building,
and with the surroundings in the
shot,
people can easily
tell where it is.
- They should sue them for this.
What's Yasu doing?
Isn't he a lawyer? Do something!
- Anyway. It's not looking
too good, Nana.
Who knows? They might
already have figured out
that Nana Osaki had a roommate.
You could end up being cornered
by a bunch of reporters.
You'd better not go over there.
- But Nana's there.
- I know you want to go and
see her, but be logical.
Things would probably get
a lot worse
if the media found out
who you are.
Remember you're not
only Nana's ex-roommate.
You're also Takumi's fiance.
You never know how it'll
all play out with the media.
Think of what it'd do to him,
or how hard it might
be on you and the baby.
- Please, I'm asking
you to stay out of this.
- Nana can handle this just
fine.
She's a smart girl,
and she's got the other band
members too.
Jun and I are more
worried about you, okay?
Don't go now.
- [Paparazzi] Miss Nana Osaki?
- He said he's from Search.
Does he mean the tabloid
magazine?
- [Paparazzi] Please, if
you could just come out
for a moment and talk to us.
We saw you on TV.
- TV?
- [Paparazzi] You know, if you
don't try to explain yourself
things will just get
worse and worse for you.
- Explain myself?
- [Paparazzi] But if
you're okay with that...
- I don't get it.
Is this guy trying
to threaten me?
- We'll leave you with
another look at the footage
of Blast playing
live in concert.
Their debut single is
soon going to be released
by Gaia records,
and I for one can hardly wait.
- [Shinichi] Nobuo.
This is more than just
a little crazy, right?
I mean, it's like they're
creating this scandal
with Ren just so they
could promote us.
(door bell rings)
- [Kawano] Nobuo, Shin.
You're here.
- Mr. Kawano.
- [Kawano] I was getting worried
'cause neither of you
answered your cell phones.
- Oh, sorry.
My friends kept calling
me over and over again,
so I had to turn mine off.
- I guess you saw the show.
- [Nobuo] Yeah, but,
- Okay, then I don't
have to explain.
I have a car waiting
for us outside,
so quickly go and pack
yourself a bag.
- Pack a bag?
- Yeah, you guys are gonna be
staying
in a hotel until things
blow over.
There's a good chance the
press will be here soon.
- Just wait a minute.
What the hell's going on?
Since when did you guys
decide you're gonna release
our first single?
- [Kono] We'll talk about it in
the car.
We really need
to hurry.
- What about Nana?
- I decided to ask Yasu
to take care of her.
I'm sure he'll deal with the
media in a professional manner.
So don't worry.
- But I am worried.
Nana won't feel like singing
with all this going on.
Did Gaia have anything
to do with that TV show?
That was the video
we sent you, right?
- Huh?
Wait, you sent that video
to other agencies as well.
- I'm sorry, Mr. Kawano,
but how do you expect
me to trust you anymore?
I mean, all you do
is sugarcoat lies.
Honestly, I just hate the fact
I can't trust anyone anymore.
- [Kono] The truth
is that both Yasu
and I received blocked
calls this morning
telling us we had to watch
Seven in the Morning.
- What the hell?
A telephone threat?
- I don't know who's behind
this,
or what their real motives are.
They set it all up
so you guys are at the
center of attention.
That much is clear.
- Come on.
Who else would pull this
kind of publicity stunt?
I mean, Gaia is the only
company who'd profit
from promoting our
band like this.
- [Shinichi] You really are a
good person,
aren't you, Nobuo?
You ever think all this
was designed to ruin us
before we even got started?
- What?
- Everyone who watched that
on TV will think it's weird.
(crowd talking)
- You're in the band
Black Stones, aren't you?
Did you watch Seven in the
Morning today?
- Was it Nana who put
that padlock on Ren?
- How did you feel when
Ren left your band
to join Trapnest?
- [Girl] What's going on?
- [Girl] That guy knows
Ren's girlfriend.
- [Reporter] Is it true that
Nana orchestrated all this,
that it's just a publicity stunt
to leech off of Trapnest
popularity?
- You scumbags.
Instead of trampling through
other people's gardens,
go make your own flowers bloom.
(upbeat rock music)
- Well, there you go.
That was live from the
apartment of Ren's girlfriend,
Nana Osaki.
- Oh man, now the press
is gonna hate him.
Bad move.
- [Both] He's so cool!
- Yasu really is awesome.
I'm sorry for all the
times I called him baldy.
- I wanna be just like Yasu,
except I don't wanna be bald.
I had no idea Ren
was so popular.
Looks like all the talk shows
are doing the same story.
- I think it's kind of cool.
It means the world is
a peaceful place.
- But if this is supposed
to be about Ren,
then how come Blast is
getting all the coverage?
- I never would've taken you
for the jealous type, Naoki.
- Nah, I don't get jealous.
I just want all the attention.
That's all.
Dude, we gotta get ourselves one
of those press
conference things.
And then we can get Ren to
say something really cool,
like don't mess with
my lady friend.
- Not a chance in hell.
We're not gonna dignify
that BS with a response.
- Okay, but don't come
crying to me
if Blast walks off
with everything.
- I couldn't care less.
We'll just keep doing
what we're doing
'cause we've got talent.
As long as our albums
sell, we're fine.
- Well, well. Aren't
you confident?
Do you really think that
you're the best musician
in the whole wide world?
- No, I don't think that.
However, I do think
you're the best vocalist
in the whole world.
- What the hell?
I don't need any more pressure
from you.
I hate you, Takumi!
- [Paparazzi] Nana.
- [Nana] This is the worst.
- [Paparazzi] Rumor has it
this publicity stunt
is your doing.
Is that true?
- [Nana] The last thing I
ever wanted was to be known
as Ren's stupid girlfriend.
- [Paparazzi] If you talk to me,
I could write a follow up
article
that'll explain your
side of the story.
- Ah, they don't stop, do they?
- [Paparazzi] Nana.
- Don't say my name as
if you know me.
Damn, I'm finished.
Vampires like you ruin
everything.
- Hey, aren't you with Blast?
- Get the hell outta here! Now!
- Come on, man.
I'm only trying to give you an-
- Don't act like you're
doing us a favor,
and don't ever come near our
singer again, understand?
- Don't think for a second
that I'm not gonna
write about this.
If you care at all about the
reputation of your law firm,
you'll resign right away.
(Yasu knocking)
- [Yasu] Nana.
(lock clicks)
Are you all right, Nana?
- You idiot.
What the hell do you
think you were doing?
Think about your career.
Stupid Baldy.
- It's okay.
Around my office, I'm just a
lowly grunt.
If I get canned, no one
will really care.
- Yeah, but you should care.
No one's gonna hire a lawyer
who's been busted for assault.
It's not worth
throwing your life away.
- I'll be okay.
Now I can go ahead and
take some risks.
- [Nana] Such a fool.
We're in a band of fools.
Nobuo just plays guitar
all day and night,
even though his parents disowned
him
and his girlfriend dumped him.
He'll never learn.
Then there's Shin.
If we don't watch out,
he'll end up completely
destroying his life.
And if I can't sing,
I have no future.
- [Reporter] We are in front of
the home
of Ren Honjo from Trapnest.
The person at the center
of this controversy still
has yet to make an appearance,
and moments ago, his agency
refused to make any comments
regarding the situation,
which only seems to add
more fuel to the rumor
that this is a publicity
stunt on the part of Blast.
- [Kinoshita] Mr. Honjo.
I just got word back from
the agency.
Looks like you have to
fly to London this afternoon.
- I'm getting deported?
What am I, some kind of
criminal?
- No, it's for the CD
cover in the promo shoot.
I guess it's been moved to
England
'cause of the whole scandal
thing.
You'll be staying there
for a couple of weeks,
so at least that'll give you
some time
for a little R and R.
Everything's already been
arranged.
The other band members are gonna
be leaving sometime tomorrow,
while you and Mr. Takeda
are gonna catch a flight
that takes off this afternoon,
and I'll be driving you to
the airport in your car.
Does that sound good?
- Yeah, all right.
I'll start getting ready.
But things will be nice and
quiet if it's just me and Take.
- Um, Mr. Honjo?
Don't you want try to
help your girlfriend out
and give the media a
peace of your mind?
Because if you wanna stay
and fight, I won't stop you.
- Well, the problem is my
girlfriend has a lot of pride.
If I try to defend her in
public, I know what will happen.
She's gonna be totally
miserable.
- Are you serious?
I find that hard to believe.
Why do you always just do
whatever the agency tells you
to?
- No, trust me.
She's really like that.
- But a sudden change in
the schedule like this?
It had to be Takumi's idea.
You should do what you
wanna do, Mr. Honjo.
- Kinoshita, listen.
You're missing the point here.
This band doesn't exist so we
can have our little play time.
Trapnest isn't Takumi's
personal empire anymore.
It's a major corporation that
the agency, the record label,
and other companies have
a financial stake in.
I can't just do whatever I want.
Being in a band means having
to share a single destiny.
Right now, the people I need
to protect aren't my friends
or ex-bandmates.
- [Paparazzi] Miss Osaki.
Are you going to
make a statement?
- [Reporter] When Ren got
picked up by Trapnest,
was it you who broke things off?
- [Paparazzi] Did you get
back together with him
to take advantage of his fame?
- [Reporter] Ren refuses to
comment.
What do you think about that?
- [Man] Tell us, are you happy
that your little publicity
stunt is working?
- What a bunch of idiots.
- [Man] Come on, say something.
- I don't have to say anything.
Ren knows me well enough.
And I understand the
position he's in.
I'm not gonna make things worse.
But still,
right now, there's something
I feel I have to say.
Something I need to get through.
- [Paparazzi] Please, say
anything.
- I will not let them
ruin my life.
(upbeat music)
Just watch me, Hachiko.
I promise I'm gonna make
all your dreams come true.
- I hope you make it big
and get on TV,
and then I can watch
you when you sing.
- There. I feel better.
- I'm glad to hear that.
- Okay, then.
That's all from the apartment
of the now famous Nana Osaki.
- Wow, she just threw
them a curve ball.
I bet the next special'll
be called the fearless Nana
and the mysterious
message to her pet dog.
That should get 'em
all sidetracked.
- Awesome, everyone's gonna
think Hachiko's your dog.
- [Nana] You know, Hachi.
From that day on,
I could stand tall no
matter how many times
I got struck down.
That's because I knew you
were always watching me.